One of the times, here it is, a great opportunity to really do practice this. It's a very special
practice we had this year, an opportunity to do three times, I think, three days, actually.
Three days, same thing as a three-day retreat. In Buddhism, they always talk about all the Vedayana
teachings.
So the practice is three days, one week, 21 days, one month, and then, of course, a long and a
three years, and then 12 years, and so forth.
I think we are practicing three days, three days, equivalent of a three-year retreat.
It's short and quick, but condensed as an American style. Thank you. Thank you everyone for coming.
Now we get up and going to handhelds together and join the parade, and last night they did what's
called a big apple drop, and everybody excited.
So much jumping up and high, and we do it today, second time.